chore(docs): Improve Documentation (#201)
yezz123/authx: docs/configuration/Get-Started.md

Pydantic models representing the data structure of a user. Base classes are provided with the required fields to make authentication work. You should sub-class each of them and add your own fields there.

➡️ [Models](models/index.md)

## Database

AuthX is compatible with provides the necessary tools to work with SQL databases thanks to the [Encode/Databases](https://www.encode.io/databases/) library.

We provide a ready-to-use MongoDB backend thanks to [mongodb/motor](https://motor.readthedocs.io/).

➡️ [Database](database/index.md)

## Cache

> AuthX provide Redis cache, is a fast and reliable cache provider that can be used to cache the authentication results, and to store the user data. This one is based on `aioredis` a pure Python asynchronous Redis client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AuthX provides Redis cache, a fast and reliable cache provider that can be used to cache the authentication results and store the user data. This one is based on `aioredis` a pure Python asynchronous Redis client.
```

➡️ [Cache](cache/index.md)

## Security

> Authx provide strong Utils to work with while developing your API. JWT is a simple and secure way to authenticate users, Captcha is a simple way to protect your API from bots, Using `Hmac` and `Hashlib` to generate a strong password hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AuthX provides strong Utils to work with while developing your API. JWT is a simple and secure way to authenticate users; Captcha is a simple way to protect your API from bots;  `Hmac` and `Hashlib` to generate a strong password hash.
```

➡️ [Security](security/index.md)

## CRUD

Helping Developers to create, read, update and delete data is a common task. AuthX provides an Extensible CRUD API Helping you integrate it with your existing code.

➡️ [CRUD](crud/index.md)

## Services

> Styling and Configuring your API is a very important part of the development process. We provide a Strong CRUD Functional API to manage your API configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Designing and configuring your API is a very important part of the development process. We provide a strong CRUD functional API to manage your API.
```
